add changes to readme (#133)
openshift/pagerduty-short-circuiter: README.md

- Users will be provided with alert metadata in the terminal.
- Users can switch between different PagerDuty teams they're a part of.
- Users can acknowledge incidents assigned to them.

> - Users can see whom the alerts are being assigned to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can see whom the alerts have been assigned to
```

- Users will be provided with alert metadata in the terminal.
- Users can switch between different PagerDuty teams they're a part of.
- Users can acknowledge incidents assigned to them.

> - Users can see whom the alerts is being assigned to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can see whom the alerts are being assigned to
```

> - Users can see whom the alerts is being assigned to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can see whom the alerts are being assigned to
```

> - Users can create a new window named `<cluster name>` and switch to that window 

Reviewer: This isn't needed
```suggestion
```

```
kite login --api-key <api-key>
```

> After this, it will ask you a **Github Access Token**. Users need to create a **GitHub Access Token** (Classic) with read-only access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon login, kite will ask the user to enter a [Github Access Token](https://github.com/settings/tokens). Users need to create a classic access token with read-only access.
```

```
kite alerts
```

> To view the PagerDuty alerts that has been assigned to your team, use the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the PagerDuty alerts that have been assigned to your team, use the command:
```

```
kite alerts --assigned-to team
```

> To view the PagerDuty alerts that has been assigned to silentTest, use the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the PagerDuty alerts that have been assigned to Silent Test, use the command:
```

| Add Slide                                                      | Ctrl + `A` / `a`              | Adds a new slide                                                       |
| Add Slide `ocm-container`                                      | Ctrl + `O` / `o`              | Adds a new slide (ocm-container)                                       |
| Change to Slide with [Num]                                     | Ctrl + `B` + [Num]            | Move to a particular slide                                             |
| Exit Slide                                                     | Ctrl + `E` / `e`              | Exit a slide                                                           |
| Quit                                                           | Ctrl + `Q` / `q`              | Exit the application.                                                  |

## In-built SOP

To view SOP related to a particular alert a user can run these commands:
* To show alerts use the command :
```
kite alerts
```
* To select an alert and view its metadata press `enter`
* To view SOP, press `S`

## Terminal
To Select a preferred terminal emulator, use the command:

```
kite terminal
```

> This will list all the terminal qemulators supported by the system and will prompt the user to select an emulator for kite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will list all the terminal emulators supported by the system and will prompt the user to select an emulator for kite.
```

```
$ mockgen -source=foo.go -destination=mock/foo_mock.go
```
## List of known Bugs
There are few bugs that have crawled up during the development. These are listed below :
- exit command crashing kite in certain instances when used in shell
- Auto completion changes moves cursor to different position but text typing continues from same position
- Bash initialization is slow in certain cases
- Use of mouse causes random text to be typed in the terminal
- Block cursor does not move with the text being typed (Quick Fix : Changing cursor style to line)
- When viewing an SOP, if the relative link is present for another SOP file, the new SOP might not get opened.(The URL needs to be absolute for the SOP navigtaion to work

## Maintainers
- Mitali Bhalla (mbhalla@redhat.com)
- Supreeth Basabattini (sbasabat@redhat.com)
- Tomas Dabašinskas (todabasi@redhat.com)

> ## List 

Reviewer: What does this header imply here?
